# Welcome to This Week In Neovim! (TWiN)

Hey! This is the very first news to be released on [TWiN](https://this-week-in-neovim.org)! The goal of this news is to
explain what the project is about, what it is not, and how you can contribute to it.

# What is TWiN?

This project is a _“This Week in…”_ newsletter. It allows you to get a brief summary of what happened lately in the
[Neovim](https://neovim.io) world. Both “core” (i.e. the editor itself) and the “plugin” community, which is expanding
quickly. As time flies, more and more plugins get updated, with new features, deprecations and ideas. Keeping up with
all that is rather hard, especially if you are using your editor to be productive without caring too much about keeping
your configuration updated. If you are a plugin author depending on other plugins (or on the Neovim Core API), this
newsletter format might be interesting for you as well.

The format is simple. Every week, you get delivered with what happened in the past week. You have two possibilities:

- Get your routine by visiting TWiN from time to time. Instead of having to skim around and look for updates, everything
  is centralized there so it’s much easier to know what happened.
- Subscribe to the RSS feed.

# Want to contribute?

You have noticed something missing that you saw lately? Do not keep the candies for yourself and please feel free to
share with us! You can open a PR at [This Week In Neovim Contents](https://github.com/phaazon/this-week-in-neovim-contents).

Feel free to read [how to contribute](https://github.com/phaazon/this-week-in-neovim-contents#how-to-contribute) to get started.
